Added info about LicenseManager.ReleaseLicense() (#189)
RWS/studio-api-docs: apiconcepts/projectautomation/overview.md

Introduction
=====
This documentation provides practical examples of how to use the Project Automation API, which allows programmatic access to the project automation functionality of <Var:ProductName>. Apart from various code snippets that demonstrate common use cases you will also find a fully-documented command-line sample application that showcases how to automate project creation and batch task functionality.

What you can do with this SDK
----

> The Project Automation API is concerned with the automation of common project management tasks such as file analysis, pre-translation, generation of finalized target documents, etc. Based on this API you could potentially build fully-fledged, customized workflow systems. Below you find examples of applications for the API:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Project Automation API is concerned with the automation of common project management tasks such as file analysis, pre-translation, generation of finalized target documents, etc. Based on this API you could potentially build fully-fledged, customized workflow systems. Below you can find examples of applications for the API:

```

* An application that loops through a number of translated bilingual (SDLXliff) documents and that batch-updates the corresponding master translation memories on a regular basis.
* An application for testing whether a set of native documents can be converted to a translatable (SDLXliff) format prior to creating a project. The application loops through a folder structure, identifies any translatable documents and converts them SDLXliff. Upon failure, a report is generated that states the file and (if applicable) the reason why the conversion failed (e.g. a Microsoft Word document has the track changes functionality switched on)
* An application that loops through multiple projects and generates the finalized target files, which are then automatically forwarded to the end customer via e-mail or uploaded to an FTP share. In case of any failure to generate the target documents, an automated mail can be send to the project manager.

> [!NOTE]
>

> > Note that the Project Automation API might sometimes have to be used in conjunction with the Translation Memory API to cover specific use-cases, e.g. when certain information such as the number of translation units, the TM languages, etc. needs to be read from a TM. This SDK contains an example of how to retrieve the languages of a specified TM using the Translation Memory API and then create a project based on the TM language direction.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> In specific use-cases, you may need to use  the Project Automation API  in conjunction with the Translation Memory API.  For instance, when extracting information like the number of translation units and the languages supported by the translation memory.  
You can find a practical example of how to use the Translation Memory API to retrieve such details and then create a project based on the TM language direction.
```
